# code_review

Reviewing process and upgrade HTML and Css skills.

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!--
HOW TO USE:
This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.

Modify this file to match your project and remove sections that don't apply.

REQUIRED SECTIONS:
- Table of Contents
- About the Project
  - Built With
  - Live Demo
- Getting Started
- Authors
- Future Features
- Contributing
- Show your support
- Acknowledgements
- License

OPTIONAL SECTIONS:
- FAQ


-->

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
- [👥 Author]
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

# 📖 [Hello microverse project] <a name="about-project"></a>

> Hello microverse this is simple html, css project.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary> Programming Languages</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>Html</li>
    <li>Css</li>
  </ul>

</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

<details>
  <summary>features of this project</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>learning how to setup linters</li>
    <li>learning how to git ignore files</li>
  </ul>

</details>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

-Git
-Npm
-Node
-VS Code

### Setup

<details>
  <summary>Information that shows how to clone the repository</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>Open your command line interface (such as Git Bash or Terminal).</li>
    <li>Navigate to the directory where you want to clone the repository.</li>
     <li>Use the "git clone" command, followed by the URL of the repository you want to clone.</li>
    <li>Press enter, and the repository will be cloned to your local machine.</li>
  </ul>

</details>

### Install

<details>
  <summary>The ways to install linters you used for the project</summary>
  If you are not familiar with linters, read [root level README](../README.md).

## Set-up GitHub Actions

Please do the following **steps in this order**:

1. In the first commit of your feature branch create a `.github/workflows` folder and add a copy of [`.github/workflows/linters.yml`](.github/workflows/linters.yml) to that folder.
   - **Remember** to use the file linked above
   - **Remember** that `.github` folder starts with a dot.
2. **Do not make any changes in config files - they represent style guidelines that you share with your team - which is a group of all Microverse students.**
   - If you think that change is necessary - open a [Pull Request in this repository](../README.md#contributing) and let your code reviewer know about it.
3. When you open your first pull request you should see the result of the GitHub actions.

## Set-up linters in your local env

**Note**: The `npm` package manager is going to create a `node_modules` directory to install all of your dependencies. You shouldn't commit that directory. To avoid that, you can create a [`.gitignore`](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore) file and add `node_modules` to it:

```
# .gitignore
node_modules/
```

### [Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse)

An open-source, automated tool for improving the quality of web pages. It has audits for performance, accessibility, progressive web apps, SEO and more.

You can get the Lighthouse report by any of the following ways:

- [In Chrome DevTools](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse#devtools)
- [From the command line](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse#cli)
- [As a Node module](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse#programmatic)
- [From a web UI](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse#psi)

To access the report generated by Lighthouse on your pull request, click the `Details` link for the `Linters/Lighthouse` check and you will see the full output of the action.

### [Webhint](https://webhint.io/)

A customizable linting tool that helps you improve your site's accessibility, speed, cross-browser compatibility, and more by checking your code for best practices and common errors.

**NOTE:** If you are running on Windows, you need to initialize npm to create `package.json` file.

```
npm init -y
```

1. Run
   ```
   npm install --save-dev hint@7.x
   ```
   _not sure how to use npm? Read [this](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm)._
2. Copy [.hintrc](.hintrc) to the root directory of your project.
3. **Do not make any changes in config files - they represent style guidelines that you share with your team - which is a group of all Microverse students.**
   - If you think that change is necessary - open a [Pull Request in this repository](../README.md#contributing) and let your code reviewer know about it.
4. Run
   ```
   npx hint .
   ```
5. Fix validation errors.

### [Stylelint](https://stylelint.io/)

A mighty, modern linter that helps you avoid errors and enforce conventions in your styles.

1. Run

   ```
   npm install --save-dev stylelint@13.x stylelint-scss@3.x stylelint-config-standard@21.x stylelint-csstree-validator@1.x
   ```

   _not sure how to use npm? Read [this](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm)._

2. Copy [.stylelintrc.json](./.stylelintrc.json) to the root directory of your project.
3. **Do not make any changes in config files - they represent style guidelines that you share with your team - which is a group of all Microverse students.**
   - If you think that change is necessary - open a [Pull Request in this repository](../README.md#contributing) and let your code reviewer know about it.
4. Run `npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"` on the root of your directory of your project.
5. Fix linter errors.
6. **IMPORTANT NOTE**: feel free to research [auto-correct options for Stylelint](https://stylelint.io/user-guide/usage/options) if you get a flood of errors but keep in mind that correcting style errors manually will help you to make a habit of writing a clean code!

## Have you already completed the Sass lessons?

If you completed the Sass lessons you may prefer to work with SCSS files, if that's the case you need to perform
a few modifications to the linter configuration files.

1. In the file `.github/workflows/linters.yml` [line 48](https://github.com/microverseinc/linters-config/blob/master/html-css/.github/workflows/linters.yml#L48) replace `"**/*.{css,scss}"` with `"**/*.scss"`
2. Use `npx stylelint "**/*.scss"` to lint you SCSS files and not the generated CSS

Once you've done the previous steps you can focus on your SCSS files and not in fixing the generated CSS output
every time.

</details>

## 👥 Author <a name="author"></a>

- GitHub: [@bancunguye66](https://github.com/bancunguye66)
- Twitter: [@bancunguye66](https://twitter.com/bancunguye66)
- LinkedIn: [Aimable BANCUNGUYE](https://linkedin.com/in/Aimable BANCUNGUYE)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **[Web]**
- [ ] **[Socialmedia]**
- [ ] **[Navigation]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank Microverse.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
